message_id: 114ac443ea493629
subject   : DECK OF CARDS
from      : pastor sather <pastorsather@wiktel.com>
to        : <"Undisclosed-Recipient:;"@postalmail-mx2.g.dreamhost.com>
date      : Tue, 28 Aug 2007 06:42:49 -0600
===================================================================
Body (clean, unformatted):
===================================================================
Subject: DECK OF CARDS





It was quiet that day, the guns and the mortars, and land mines 
for some reason hadn't been heard


The young soldier knew it was Sunday, the holiest day of the week.


As he was sitting there, he got out an old deck of cards and 
laid them out across his bunk.


Just then an army sergeant came in and said, "Why aren't you 
with the rest of the platoon?"


The soldier replied, "I thought I would stay behind and spend 
some time with the Lord."


The sergeant said, "Looks to me like you're going to play cards."


The soldier said, "No, sir. You see, since we are not allowed 
to have Bibles or other spiritual books in this country,


I've decided to talk to the Lord by studying this deck of cards."


The sergeant asked in disbelief, "How will you do that?"


"You see the Ace, Sergeant? It reminds me that there is only 
one God.


The Two represents the two parts of the Bible, Old and New 
Testaments.


The Three represents the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost.


The Four stands for the Four Gospels: Matthew, Mark, Luke and 
John


The Five is for the five virgins there were ten but only five 
of them were glorified.


The Six is for t he six days it took God to create the Heavens 
and Earth.


The Seven is for the day God rested after making His Creation.


The Eight is for the family of Noah and his wife, their three 
sons and their wives -- the eight people God spared from the 
flood that destroyed the Earth.


The Nine is for the lepers that Jesus cleansed of leprosy. He 
cleansed ten, but nine never thanked Him.


The Ten represents the Ten Commandments that God handed down to 
Moses on tablets made of stone.


The Jack is a reminder of Satan, one of God's first angels, but 
he got kicked out of heaven for his sly and wicked ways and is 
now the joker of eternal hell.


The Queen stands for the Virgin Mary.


The King stands for Jesus, for he is the King of all kings.


When I count the dots on all the cards, I come up with 365 
total, one for every day of the year.


There are a total of 52 cards in a deck; each is a week - 52 
weeks in a year.


The four suits represent the four seasons: Spring, Summer, Fall 
and Winter.


Each suit has thirteen cards -- there are exactly thirteen 
weeks in a quarter.


So when I want to talk to God and thank Him, I just pull out 
this old deck of cards and they remind me of all that I have to 
be thankful for."


The sergeant just stood there. After a minute, with tears in 
his eyes and pain in his heart, he said, "Soldier, can I borrow 
that deck of cards?"


Please let this be a reminder and take time to pray for all of 
our soldiers who are being sent away, putting their lives on 
the line fighting.


Prayer for the Military.


Please keep the wheel rolling. It will only take a few seconds 
of your time, but it'll be worth it to read on....


Lord, hold our troops in your loving hands.

Protect them.

Bless them and their families.

I ask this in the name of Jesus, our Lord and Savior.

Amen.



When you receive this, please stop for a moment and say a 
prayer for our servicemen and women all around the world.


There is nothing attached, but this can be very powerful.


Of all the gifts you could give a Soldier, prayer is the very 
best one.


Do not stop the wheel, please -- just send this on.


When forwarding, please keep this letter clean by deleting all 
forwarding information from the subject line.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
