message_id: 1278ae2982cbc0f3
subject   : Fw:  RECENT VIRGINIA CHURCH SERVICE-STIMULUS SERMON
from      : pastor sather <pastorsather@wiktel.com>
to        : <Undisclosed-Recipient:;>
date      : Tue, 23 Mar 2010 06:56:58 -0500
===================================================================
Body (clean, unformatted):
===================================================================
RECENT VIRGINIA CHURCH SERVICE-STIMULUS SERMON

Genesis 47:13-27

I would love to give the Pastor of this predominantly black church in
Virginia a hug and a high five. This guy is obviously a leader.

Perhaps we should each decide who our real leader is.....It is amazing to
see that very little has changed in 4,000 years.

---------------------------------------------------

Good morning, brothers and sisters; it's always a delight to see the pews
crowded on Sunday morning, and so eager to get into God's Word. Turn with
me in your Bibles, if you will to the 47th chapter of Genesis, we'll begin
our reading at verse 13, and go through verse 27.

Brother Ray, would you stand and read that great passage for us?
....(reading)....

Thank you for that fine reading, Brother Ray... So we see that economic
hard times fell upon Egypt , and the people turned to the government of
Pharaoh to deal with this for them. And Pharaoh nationalized the grain
harvest, and placed the grain in great storehouses that he had built. So
the people brought their money to Pharaoh, like a great tax increase, and
gave it all to him willingly in return for grain. And this went on until
their money ran out, and they were hungry again.

So when they went to Pharaoh after that, they brought their livestock
-their cattle, their horses, their sheep, and their donkey - to barter for
grain, and verse 17 says that only took them through the end of that
year..

But the famine wasn't over, was it? So the next year, the people came
before Pharaoh and admitted they had nothing left, except their land and
their own lives. "There is nothing left in the sight of my lord but our
bodies and our land. Why should we die before your eyes, both we and our
land? Buy us and our land for food, and we with our land will be servants
to Pharaoh.." So they surrendered their homes, their land, and their real
estate to Pharaoh's government, and then sold themselves into slavery to
him, in return for grain.

What can we learn from this, brothers and sisters?

That turning to the government instead of to God to be our provider in
hard times only leads to slavery? Yes.. That the only reason government
wants to be our provider is to also become our master?

Yes.

But look how that passage ends, brothers and sisters! Thus Israel settled
in the land of Egypt , in the land of Goshen .. And they gained
possessions in it, and were fruitful and multiplied greatly." God provided
for His people, just as He always has! They didn't end up giving all their
possessions to government, no, it says they gained possessions! But I also
tell you a great truth today, and an ominous one.

We see the same thing happening today - the government today wants to
"share the wealth "once again, to take it from us and redistribute it back
to us. It wants to take control of healthcare, just as it has taken
control of education, and ration it back to us, and when government
rations it, then government decides who gets it, and how much, and what
kind. And if we go along with it, and do it willingly, then we will wind
up no differently than the people of Egypt did four thousand years ago -
as slaves to the government, and as slaves to our leaders.

What Mr. Obama's government is doing now is no different from what
Pharaoh's government did then, and it will end the same. And a lot of
people like to call Mr.Obama a "Messiah," don't they? Is he a Messiah? A
savior? Didn't the Egyptians say, after Pharaoh made them his slaves, "You
have saved our lives; may it please my lord, we will be servants to
Pharaoh"?

Well, I tell you this - I know the Messiah; the Messiah is a friend of
mine; and Mr. Obama is no Messiah! No, brothers and sisters, if Mr. Obama
is a character from the Bible, then he is Pharaoh. Bow with me in prayer,
if you will...

Lord, You alone are worthy to be served, and we rely on You, and You
alone. We confess that the government is not our deliverer, and never
rightly will be. We read in the eighth chapter of 1 Samuel, when Samuel
warned the people of what a ruler would do, where it says "And in that day
you will cry out because of your king, whom you have chosen for
yourselves, but the LORD will not answer you in that day."

And Lord, we acknowledge that day has come. We cry out to you because of
the ruler that we have chosen for ourselves as a nation. Lord, we pray for
this nation. We pray for revival, and we pray for deliverance from those
who would be our masters. Give us hearts to seek You and hands to serve
You, and protect Your people from the atrocities of Pharaoh's government.

In God We Trust...
