message_id: 115bda2b31aef8df
subject   : Fw: Oct.16,2007/9:39 am  Oct. 20, 07/8:42
from      : pastor sather <pastorsather@wiktel.com>
to        : <Undisclosed-Recipient:;>
date      : Sat, 20 Oct 2007 08:42:55 -0600
===================================================================
Body (clean, unformatted):
===================================================================
----- Original Message ----- 

Subject: FW: Oct.16,2007/9:39 am



You are in your car driving home. Thoughts wander to the
game you want to see or meal you want to eat, when suddenly
a sound unlike any you've ever heard fills the air. The
sound is high above you. A trumpet? A choir? A choir of
trumpets? You don't know, but you want to know. So you pull
over, get out of your car, and look up. As you do, you see
you aren't the only curious one. The roadside has become a
parking lot. Car doors are open, and people are staring at
the sky. Shoppers are racing out of the grocery store. The
Little League baseball game across the street has come to a
halt. Players and parents are searching the clouds. And what
they see, and what you see, has never before! ! been seen.

As if the sky were a curtain, the drapes of the atmosphere
part. A brilliant light spills onto the earth. There are no
shadows. None.

You see every hue ever seen and a million more never seen.
Riding on the flow is an endless fleet of angels. They pass
through the curtains one myriad at a time, until they occupy
every square inch of the sky.

North. South. East. West.

Thousands of silvery wings rise and fall in unison, and over
the sound of the trumpets, you can hear the cherubim and
seraphim chanting, Holy, holy, holy. The final flank of
angels is followed by twenty-four silver-bearded elders and
a multitude of souls who join the angels in worship.

Presently the movement stops and the trumpets are silent,
leaving only the triumphant triplet: Holy, holy, holy.
Between each word is a pause. With each word, a profound
reverence. You hear your voice join in the chorus. You don't
know why you say the words, but you know you must.

Suddenly, the heavens are quiet. All is quiet. The angels
turn, you turn, the entire world turns and there He is.
Jesus.

Through waves of light you see the silhouetted figure of
Christ the King. He is atop a great stallion, and the
stallion is atop a billowing cloud. He opens his mouth, and
you are surrounded by his declaration:

I am the Alpha and the Omega.

The angels bow their heads. The elders remove their crowns.
And before you is a Figure so consuming that you know,
instantly you know: Nothing else matters. Forget stock
markets and school reports. Sales meetings and football
games. Nothing is newsworthy.. All that mattered, matters no
more.. . for Christ has come.

Please let me know the exact time you read this. It is
mystical--honest.

This morning when the Lord opened a window to Heaven, he saw
me, and he asked: My child, what is your greatest wish for
today?

I responded: "Lord, please take care of the person who is
reading this message, their family and their special
friends. They deserve it and I love them very much."

The love of God is like the ocean, you can see its
beginnings but not its end.

This message works on the day you receive it.

To some it may sound dumb, but the person who sent this to
me was impressed with its timing. Let us see if it is true.

ANGELS EXIST, but sometimes, since they don't all have wings
we call them FRIENDS, SUCH AS YOU.

Pass this on to your true friends. SOMETHING GOOD WILL
HAPPEN TO YOU TODAY. SOMETHING THAT YOU HAVE BEEN WAITING TO
HEAR.

THIS IS NOT A JOKE; SOMEONE WILL CALL YOU BY PHONE OR WILL
SPEAK TO YOU ABOUT SOMETHING THAT YOU WERE WAITING TO HEAR.
DO NOT BREAK THIS CHAIN. SEND IT TO A MINIMUM OF 4 PEOPLE.

Put the Date and Time in the "Subject" area when you read it.






>> NOTE: This email may contain PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL information
>> and is intended only for the use of the specific individu>
