message_id: 111365dbf1a6d41a
subject   : Fw:
from      : pastor sather <pastorsather@wiktel.com>
to        : <"Undisclosed-Recipient:;"@postalmail-mx1.g.dreamhost.com>
date      : Fri, 9 Mar 2007 05:02:20 -0600
===================================================================
Body (clean, unformatted):
===================================================================
Message(Thanks fo the wonderful reminder Tim)




A young man was getting ready to graduate from college. For many
months he had admired a beautiful sports car in a dealer's showroom,
and knowing his father could well afford it, he told him that was all
he wanted. As Graduation Day approached, the young man awaited signs
that his father had purchased the car.

Finally, on the morning of his graduation, his father called him into
his private study. His father told him how proud he was to have such a
fine son, and told him how much he loved him. He handed his son a
beautiful wrapped gift box. Curious, but somewhat Disappointed, the
young man opened the box and found a lovely, leather-bound Bible, with
the young man's name embossed in gold. Angrily, he raised his voice to
his father and said, "With all your money you give me a Bible? and
stormed out of the house, leaving the Bible.

Many years passed and the young man was very successful in business.
He had a beautiful home and wonderful family, but realized his father
was very old, and thought perhaps he should go to him. He had not seen
him since that graduation day. Before he could make arrangements, he
received a telegram telling him his father had passed away, and willed
all of his possessions to his son. He needed to come home immediately
and take care of things.

When he arrived at his father's house, sudden sadness and regret
filled his heart. He began to search through his father's important
papers and saw the still new Bible, just as he had left it years ago.
With tears, he opened the Bible and began to turn the pages. His
father had carefully underlined a verse,

Matt 7:11, "And if ye, being evil know how to give good gifts to your
children, how much more shall your Heavenly father which is in heaven,
give to those who ask Him?"



As he read those words, a car key dropped from the back of the Bible.
It had a tag with the dealer's name, the same dealer who had the
sports car he had desired. On the tag was the date of his graduation,
and the words...PAID IN FULL.

How many times do we miss God's blessings because they are not
packaged as we expected? I trust you enjoyed this. Pass it on to
others. Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but
remember that what you now have was once among the things you only
hoped for...

IF YOUR GIFT IS NOT PACKED THE WAY YOU WANT IT, IT'S BECAUSE IT IS
BETTER PACKED THAT WAY!



ALWAYS APPRECIATE LITTLE THINGS; THEY USUALLY LEAD YOU TO ATTACHMENTS
!

PLS SEND THIS TO AT LEAST TWO PEOPLE SO AS TO LET THIS GREAT LESSON
FLOW AROUND.
