message_id: 11041c5d5596adaf
subject   : Prayer
from      : pastor sather <pastorsather@wiktel.com>
to        : <"Undisclosed-Recipient:;"@postalmail-mx2.g.dreamhost.com>
date      : Sat, 20 Jan 2007 17:10:56 -0600
===================================================================
Body (clean, unformatted):
===================================================================
Subject: Prayer




Hello Everyone,

I was asked by a very special friend to help a teacher who is using an
e-mail prayer as part of her religion class. It was difficult for me to
decide who I thought would DO this because many people claim to pray,
but not everyone does. I hope I chose the right twelve. Please send this
back to me. (You'll see why.) In case anyone is interested. May everyone
who receives this message be blessed. REMEMBER to say a prayer before
you read the poem. That's all you have to do. There is nothing attached.
Just send this to eleven people. Prayer is one of the best free gifts we
receive. There is no cost but a lot of reward. (Did you pray?) Make sure
you pray, and pray believing that God will answer. This is your last
opportunity before reading the poem.


May today be all that you need it to be today.

May the peace of God and the freshness of the Holy Spirit rest in your
thoughts, rule in your dreams tonight and conquer all your fears.

May God manifest himself today in ways that you have never experienced.

May your joys be fulfilled, your dreams be closer and your prayers be 
answered.

I pray that faith enters a new height for you, I pray that your territory
is enlarged and I pray that you step into your destiny within the ministry.

I pray for peace, wealth, happiness and true and undying love for God.

Now, send this to 11 people within the next 5 minutes and remember to
send this back...I count as 1...you'll see why. Suggestion: copy and
paste rather than forward.

From photos to predictions, The MSN Entertainment Guide to Golden Globes


_________________________________________________________________
Get in the mood for Valentines' Day. View photos, recipes and more on
your Live.com page.
http://www.live.com/?addTemplate=ValentinesDay&ocid=T001MSN30A0701
